feat(lifecycle-operator): add helm chart for lifecycle operator (#2200)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: lifecycle-operator/chart/README.md

# Keptn

> Keptn introduces a more cloud-native approach for pre- and post-deployment,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn provides a cloud-native approach for pre- and post-deployment,
```

> as well as the concept of application health checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and application health checks
```
The concept of application health checks is out there -- we are offering an implementation, right?  Should this also mention that you get the pre/post-deployment and health checks for all the workloads in your Application?
